It's really uncertain who will forgive me today.
It's extraordinary.
Don't you know what's good
Ye Xinxin
If they are your trump cards
Then you will die today
Crazy mouth
Retrieve Taiji
Forbidden Immortal Sword Techniques
No.
How is that possible?
How could the demon beast know your order?
What did you do to them?
This entire Primordial Forbidden Land will respect me
Why did they follow my orders?
That's impossible.
Qiongqi is the king of the entire Primordial Forbidden Land
Qiongqi has been killed by me
Impossible, how could a poor wife die?
A home breaks down
Not a single one
Please become immortal for the sake of becoming immortal
Wife killer
I'm going to kill you today.
Avenge my mother